I think guys I'm gonna shine you is just
the ABS mark free I've done a video
knees before but this is just a slightly
updated one and I'll just be showing you
the actual lock itself from one of two
techniques that you can use on these and
generally when I pick these locks I just
have a mixture of Spike picks etc that I
use so I'll just show you one two of
them okay this is slightly different
picks and tension tools and bit of
spring steel etc that make sense and
I'll show you the action lock so
literally just a few different picks
there and generally fine as well just
depending on the job situation some
Peaks work better than other picks but
we'll see how we get on with this lock
now obviously with these locks they're
the mark free IDs we have to deal also
from a picking point of view with fact
they put a magnetic pin in there so
somewhere on the key I'll just grab a
key here they'll be a magnetic pin just
to bring that interview in this case on
this lot you can see it's on the fifth
pin how you get it but it could be
anywhere on there okay also the lock has
a row of trap pins on each side of the
plug we've got free trappings if I just
zoom in hopefully you'll be able to see
them
okay just on the underside of the plug
he's bringing that back into focus
hopefully you can see free trap pins
you've got one two three and we got that
on each side of the plug and they're
obviously they're just so when the lock
is actually picked the plug will only
rotate so far then lock up and the once
a lot is picked air they're not too hard
to deal with and and obviously this was
picked outside someone didn't know what
they were doing you then wouldn't be
able to get the key back into the lock
okay
also from the external side of the rack
once a lock is actually picked and if
you're just using your basic Spade picks
it won't pick up the cam okay so
normally it'd be the tip of the key
the extra tip when that goes into the
lock as it goes through it now engages
into the cam ie to turn but when you're
picking the lock
you haven't got anything in there to do
that you then have to pick up the can
once you've got the actual pins baked
okay but hopefully we'll make sense
okay so just what a picking point of
view okay the first thing I'm going to
show you is on a lot like this where we
know where the actual magnetic pin is
and we know that it's the fifth pin
because if it is the fifth pin we might
stick in a lot easier because all I've
done here is adapter key okay see I've
cut off all the way down so offer the
Keyblade all I've done is left the tip
of the key okay and then magnetic pin
okay what that allowed me do is to do
two jobs that I'd normally have to do in
a different way and that is firstly to
pick up the cam and secondly and to get
straight on to that magnetic pin so all
I'm going to do I'm just going to cert
that all the way into the lock and you
can see how it goes off on the pin side
so that now stops now what they are down
will it do now I just swing the camera
around that will then allow me to go in
with a pick down the side of that key
and start and pick the lock what I have
to do however is make sure that that key
is pushed in I don't if you see if I
push it and let go he springs back out
so I just need to make sure that when
I'm picking they engages into that cam
okay so this I'm just going to use a
basic little Spade pick so I'm just
going to push the key in apply a bit of
slight rotation start to go into the
lock and start to pick these pins and
I'm just picking it in a way that we
pick any traditional dip a dimple tight
lock so just feeling for the bound pins
okay sometimes the bound pins is quite
hard to get over into the last pin there
so
see how that is jumped quite away okay
so why now need to do is just get rid of
them trap pins so all I do is go in and
what we doing will attract pins again
with depressing the pins okay again
getting into the trap pins so just need
to depress and trap pins out away
there's nice and light okay you can see
it now starting to rotate trap pins
engage again this engage them trap pins
disengage the trap pins you just stay
nice and light on the tension all I'm
doing is gently teasing down on the pins
where the trap pins are engaged okay and
eventually you get that full rotation
plug okay
now the key won't come out because it's
caught behind the pins so get the key
out I just insert a thin tension to all
the way to the back of a lot feed press
all the pins so I can start to pull out
that key I can just depressing all the
pins and then the key comes out okay so
that's the first way that we can pick
these locks if the magnetic pin is the
fifth pin okay nice and easy to identify
where the pin is because when you go in
you can actually feel the spring
resistance of the standard pins if
there's no pin there ie the magnetic pin
that's where you know the position of
that pin okay
you